books/README.md, before:

# 📚 Books Consumed in 

## 2020

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-11-26 | Weg van het Piekeren | Filip Raes | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-11-22 | Het Recht van de Snelste | Thalia Verkade | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-11-15 | Solo (Thomas De Gendt) | Jonas Heyerick | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-11-11 | Data Feminism | Catherine D’Ignazio | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-09-02 | De cursus 'Omgaan met teleurstellingen' gaat wederom niet door: verzamelde vertelsels | Herman Finkers | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-08-04 | How to Be an Antiracist | Ibram X. Kendi | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-07-19 | The Body: A Guide For Occupants | Bill Bryson | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-01-05 | Verdwaalde Stad | Jean-Paul Van Bendeghem | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-01-01 | Ode aan de verwondering | Caroline Pauwels | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |


## 2019

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2019-12-31 | Taal Voor De Leuk | Paulien Cornelisse | ⭐️⭐️⭐️½ |
| 2019-12-26 | Habitus | Radna Fabias | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2019-02-17 | Feitenkennis | Hans Rosling | ⭐️⭐️⭐️½ |

## 2018

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2018-11-29 | Mythos: The Greek Myths Retold | Stephen Fry | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-11-20 | Artificial stupidity: handleiding voor digitale humanisten | Fredo De Smet | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-04-29 | Egon Schiele: Drawings and Watercolors | Jane Kallir | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2017

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2017-08-23 | De Argonauten | Maggie Nelson | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-29 | De Bekeerlinge | Stefan Hertmans | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-22 | Het Smelt | Lize Spit | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-21 | The Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory | Brian Greene | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-16 | Alfred Russel Wallace: Letters from the Malay Archipelago | John Van Wyhe | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-06-11 | Brief aan Cooper en de wereld | Dalilla Hermans | ⭐️⭐️⭐️️ |
| 2017-06-06 | Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies | Jared Diamond | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️️ |
| 2017-05-22 | Invisible Man, Got the Whole World Watching: A Young Black Man's Education | Mychal Denzel Smith | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️️ |

## 2016 

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2016-12-24 | Love Saves the Day: A History of American Dance Music Culture, 1970-1979 | Tim Lawrence | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2016-08-21 | De verwarde cavia | Paulien Cornelisse | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2015 

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2015-09-08 | Consciousness Explained | Daniel C Dennet | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-08-26 | De stad der zienden | Jose Saramango | ⭐️⭐️⭐️️ |
| 2015-03-08 | Remote: Office Not Required | David Heinemeier Hansson | ⭐️ |
| 2015-02-20 | The Hidden Reality: Parallel Universes and the Deep Laws of the Cosmos | Brian Greene | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-01-31 | Space is the Place: The Lives and Times of Sun Ra | John Szwed |  |

## 2014

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2014-11-22 | A Walk In The Woods | Bill Bryson | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-11-17 | Herbie Hancock: Possibilities | Herbie Hancock | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-11-12 | John Peel | Mick Wall | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-10-25 | Impressies van een simpele ziel | Annie M.G. Schmidt | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-10-12 | How Music Works | David Byrne | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-09-26 | Oorlog en Terpentijn | Stefan Hertmans | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-05-11 | Death by Black Hole: And Other Cosmic Quandaries | Neil deGrasse Tyson | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-03-10 | Iran Awakening: A Memoir of Revolution and Hope | Shirin Ebadi | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

Commit message:

add The Power Meter Handbook: A User's Guide for Cyclists and Triathletes

books/README.md, after:

# 📚 Books Consumed in 

## 2021

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2021-02-07 | The Power Meter Handbook: A User's Guide for Cyclists and Triathletes | Joe Friel | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2020

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-11-26 | Weg van het Piekeren | Filip Raes | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-11-22 | Het Recht van de Snelste | Thalia Verkade | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-11-15 | Solo (Thomas De Gendt) | Jonas Heyerick | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-11-11 | Data Feminism | Catherine D’Ignazio | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-09-02 | De cursus 'Omgaan met teleurstellingen' gaat wederom niet door: verzamelde vertelsels | Herman Finkers | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-08-04 | How to Be an Antiracist | Ibram X. Kendi | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-07-19 | The Body: A Guide For Occupants | Bill Bryson | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-01-05 | Verdwaalde Stad | Jean-Paul Van Bendeghem | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2020-01-01 | Ode aan de verwondering | Caroline Pauwels | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |


## 2019

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2019-12-31 | Taal Voor De Leuk | Paulien Cornelisse | ⭐️⭐️⭐️½ |
| 2019-12-26 | Habitus | Radna Fabias | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2019-02-17 | Feitenkennis | Hans Rosling | ⭐️⭐️⭐️½ |

## 2018

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2018-11-29 | Mythos: The Greek Myths Retold | Stephen Fry | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-11-20 | Artificial stupidity: handleiding voor digitale humanisten | Fredo De Smet | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-04-29 | Egon Schiele: Drawings and Watercolors | Jane Kallir | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2017

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2017-08-23 | De Argonauten | Maggie Nelson | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-29 | De Bekeerlinge | Stefan Hertmans | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-22 | Het Smelt | Lize Spit | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-21 | The Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory | Brian Greene | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-16 | Alfred Russel Wallace: Letters from the Malay Archipelago | John Van Wyhe | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-06-11 | Brief aan Cooper en de wereld | Dalilla Hermans | ⭐️⭐️⭐️️ |
| 2017-06-06 | Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies | Jared Diamond | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️️ |
| 2017-05-22 | Invisible Man, Got the Whole World Watching: A Young Black Man's Education | Mychal Denzel Smith | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️️ |

## 2016 

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2016-12-24 | Love Saves the Day: A History of American Dance Music Culture, 1970-1979 | Tim Lawrence | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2016-08-21 | De verwarde cavia | Paulien Cornelisse | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2015 

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2015-09-08 | Consciousness Explained | Daniel C Dennet | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-08-26 | De stad der zienden | Jose Saramango | ⭐️⭐️⭐️️ |
| 2015-03-08 | Remote: Office Not Required | David Heinemeier Hansson | ⭐️ |
| 2015-02-20 | The Hidden Reality: Parallel Universes and the Deep Laws of the Cosmos | Brian Greene | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-01-31 | Space is the Place: The Lives and Times of Sun Ra | John Szwed |  |

## 2014

| Reading Date | Title | Author | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2014-11-22 | A Walk In The Woods | Bill Bryson | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-11-17 | Herbie Hancock: Possibilities | Herbie Hancock | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-11-12 | John Peel | Mick Wall | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-10-25 | Impressies van een simpele ziel | Annie M.G. Schmidt | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-10-12 | How Music Works | David Byrne | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-09-26 | Oorlog en Terpentijn | Stefan Hertmans | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-05-11 | Death by Black Hole: And Other Cosmic Quandaries | Neil deGrasse Tyson | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2014-03-10 | Iran Awakening: A Memoir of Revolution and Hope | Shirin Ebadi | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
