concerts/2005.md, before:

# 🎤 Concerts Consumed in 2005

| Date | Artist | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2005-12-10 | **Dwight Trible & The Life Force Trio** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-12-10 | **Soil & Pimp Sessions** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-11-18 | **Bugge Wesseltoft** (Motives Festival) | Modern Casino, Genk | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-31 | **Sleepwalker** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **La Melodia** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Benny Sings & Aardvarck** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Ivana Santilli** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Heavy** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Rich Medina** (Dj-set) (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Roisin Murphy** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **2000 Black Live** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Sleepwalker** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-09-22 | **Dwele** | Charlatan, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-09-13 | **Ty** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-09-19 | **Fertile Ground** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-02-10 | **Moiano** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️ |

Commit message:

add Da Circle Of Sole live concert in Rotterdam

concerts/2005.md, after:

# 🎤 Concerts Consumed in 2005

| Date | Artist | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2005-12-10 | **Dwight Trible & The Life Force Trio** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-12-10 | **Soil & Pimp Sessions** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-11-18 | **Bugge Wesseltoft** (Motives Festival) | Modern Casino, Genk | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-31 | **Sleepwalker** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **La Melodia** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Benny Sings & Aardvarck** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Ivana Santilli** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Heavy** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Rich Medina** (Dj-set) (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Roisin Murphy** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **2000 Black Live** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-10-28 | **Sleepwalker** (Kindred Spirits Weekender) | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-09-22 | **Dwele** | Charlatan, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-09-13 | **Ty** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-09-19 | **Fertile Ground** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-04-23 | **Peven Everett** (Da Circle Of Sole) | Rotterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-04-23 | **Flowriders** (Da Circle Of Sole) | Rotterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-04-23 | **Colonel Red** (Da Circle Of Sole) | Rotterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2005-02-10 | **Moiano** | De Kreun, Bissegem | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
