concerts/2009.md, before:

# 🎤 Concerts Consumed in 2009

| Date | Artist | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2009-12-05 | **Mark De Clive-Lowe & Vanessa Freeman** | De Munt, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-11-18 | **Build An Ark** | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐⭐️️ |
| 2009-11-14 | **Dam Funk** | Le Tavernier, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-30 | **Sa-Ra** | Minnemeers, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-10-30 | **Breakestra** | Minnemeers, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-23 | **Rustie** | Concertgebouw, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-23 | **Nosaj Thing** | Concertgebouw, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-23 | **Little Dragon** | Concertgebouw, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-22 | **Daedelus** | De Kreun, Kortrijk | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-18 | **Raphael Saadiq** | Ancienne Belgique | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-10-09 | **Mulatu Astatke** | De Kreun, Kortrijk | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-07-12 | **Lamb** (Cactus Festival) | Minnewaterpark, Brugge | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-07 | **Sing The Truth Nina Simone Tribute** feat. Dianne Reeves, Lizz Wright, Angelique Kidjo, Simone (Gent Jazz Festival) | Bijlokehof, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️⭐½️️️ |
| 2009-07 | **José James feat. Jef Neve**  (Gent Jazz Festival) | Bijlokehof, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️⭐½️️️ |
| 2009-04-29 | **Flying Lotus** | De Kreun, Kortrijk | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-04-29 | **The Gaslamp Killer** | De Kreun, Kortrijk | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-03-25 | **Moiano** | Minnemeers, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-03-11 | **Mayer Hawthorne** (Dj-set) | Trix, Antwerpen | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-03-11 | **Peanut Butter Wolf** (Dj-set) | Trix, Antwerpen | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-03-11 | **Dam Funk** (Dj-set) | Trix, Antwerpen | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️️️ |

Commit message:

add José James' John Coltrane project

concerts/2009.md, after:

# 🎤 Concerts Consumed in 2009

| Date | Artist | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2009-12-05 | **Mark De Clive-Lowe & Vanessa Freeman** | De Munt, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-11-18 | **Build An Ark** | Paradiso, Amsterdam | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐⭐️️ |
| 2009-11-14 | **Dam Funk** | Le Tavernier, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-30 | **Sa-Ra** | Minnemeers, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-10-30 | **Breakestra** | Minnemeers, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-23 | **Rustie** | Concertgebouw, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-23 | **Nosaj Thing** | Concertgebouw, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-23 | **Little Dragon** | Concertgebouw, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-22 | **Daedelus** | De Kreun, Kortrijk | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-10-18 | **Raphael Saadiq** | Ancienne Belgique | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-10-09 | **Mulatu Astatke** | De Kreun, Kortrijk | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-09-23 | **José James** presents Facing East: The Music of John Coltrane by José James & Jef Neve | Ancienne Belgique, Brussel | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️️️½ |
| 2009-07-12 | **Lamb** (Cactus Festival) | Minnewaterpark, Brugge | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-07 | **Sing The Truth Nina Simone Tribute** feat. Dianne Reeves, Lizz Wright, Angelique Kidjo, Simone (Gent Jazz Festival) | Bijlokehof, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️⭐½️️️ |
| 2009-07 | **José James feat. Jef Neve**  (Gent Jazz Festival) | Bijlokehof, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️⭐½️️️ |
| 2009-04-29 | **Flying Lotus** | De Kreun, Kortrijk | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-04-29 | **The Gaslamp Killer** | De Kreun, Kortrijk | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-03-25 | **Moiano** | Minnemeers, Gent | ⭐️️⭐️️ |
| 2009-03-11 | **Mayer Hawthorne** (Dj-set) | Trix, Antwerpen | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-03-11 | **Peanut Butter Wolf** (Dj-set) | Trix, Antwerpen | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️ |
| 2009-03-11 | **Dam Funk** (Dj-set) | Trix, Antwerpen | ⭐️️⭐️️⭐️️️⭐️️️ |
