museums/README.md, before:

# 🌊 Museums & Exhibitions Consumed in 

## 2019

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2019-05-05 | Bolsena Paintings, Sam Scarpulla | Gent | ⭐️⭐️½ |
| 2019-01-27 | Louise Bourgeois, Lygia Pape, Permanent Collection | Glenstone, Potomac, Maryland | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |


## 2018

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2018-12-16 | Miro | Grand Palais, Paris | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-12-16 | Egon Schiele | Louis Vuitton Foundation, Paris | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-12-16 | Jean-Michel Basquiat | Louis Vuitton Foundation, Paris | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-12-15 | Kubism | Centre Pompidou, Paris | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-11-01 | Raoul De Keyzer | S.M.A.K., Gent | ⭐️⭐️⭐️½ |
| 2018-09-23 | Beyond Klimmt | BOZAR, Brussel | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-09-23 | Oli-B | Macadam Gallery, Brussel | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-01-03 | Egon Schiele | Leopold Museum, Vienna | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-01-03 | Klimmt | Upper Belvedere, Vienna | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ | 

## 2017

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2017-11-04 | Magritte | Magritte Museum, Brussel | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-10-12 | Soul of a Nation - Art in the age of Black Power | Tate Modern, London | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-10-07 | Roa | At The Gallery, Antwerp | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-10-07 | Rinus Van de Velde | Tim Van Laere Gallery, Antwerp | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-19 | Museo Nazionale del Cinema | Turijn | ⭐️ |
| 2017-05-20 | To The Bone (Roa, Klaas Van der Linden, a.o.) | Mariakerke | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-04-14 | Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen | Rotterdam | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-04-12 | Oli-B | Alley Art Gallery, Hasselt | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-04-11 | Expo "The World of Charles and Ray Eames" | C-Mine, Genk | ⭐️⭐️ |

## 2016

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2016-11-20 | Berardo Collection | Berardo Collection Museum, Lissabon | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2016-08-20 | Expo Salvador Dali | Liège-Guillemins Railway Station, Luik | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2016-08-20 | Millennium Iconoclast Museum of Art | MIMA, Brussel | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2016-05-06 | Jheronimus Bosch | Het Noordbrabants Museum, 's Hertogenbosch | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2015

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2015-12-05 | Ugly Belgian Houses | Watt, Gent | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-11-13 | Strook | Budafabriek, Kortrijk | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-11-04 | Bauhaus-Archiv | Bauhaus-Archiv, Berlijn | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-08-30 | Dismaland | Brighton | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-06-13 | Ryan McGinley | Kunsthal Kade, Amersfoort | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-04-19 | Parra | Kunsthal, Rotterdam | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-02-08 | Carll Cneut | St. Pietersabdij, Gent | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2013

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2013-07-03 | Paul Klee | Tate Modern, London | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2009

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2009-07-03 | Banksy | Bristol Museum, Bristol | ⭐⭐⭐½ |

## 2003

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2003-09-17 | Young Primitives | Brugge | ⭐⭐⭐ |

Commit message:

add musea visited on our Amsterdam city trip

museums/README.md, after:

# 🌊 Museums & Exhibitions Consumed in 

## 2019

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2019-05-14 | Tyler Mitchell - I Can Make You Feel Good | FOAM, Amsterdam | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2019-05-14 | Hockney, The Joy Of Nature | Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2019-05-05 | Bolsena Paintings, Sam Scarpulla | Gent | ⭐️⭐️½ |
| 2019-01-27 | Louise Bourgeois, Lygia Pape, Permanent Collection | Glenstone, Potomac, Maryland | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |


## 2018

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2018-12-16 | Miro | Grand Palais, Paris | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-12-16 | Egon Schiele | Louis Vuitton Foundation, Paris | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-12-16 | Jean-Michel Basquiat | Louis Vuitton Foundation, Paris | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-12-15 | Kubism | Centre Pompidou, Paris | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-11-01 | Raoul De Keyzer | S.M.A.K., Gent | ⭐️⭐️⭐️½ |
| 2018-09-23 | Beyond Klimmt | BOZAR, Brussel | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-09-23 | Oli-B | Macadam Gallery, Brussel | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-01-03 | Egon Schiele | Leopold Museum, Vienna | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2018-01-03 | Klimmt | Upper Belvedere, Vienna | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ | 

## 2017

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2017-11-04 | Magritte | Magritte Museum, Brussel | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-10-12 | Soul of a Nation - Art in the age of Black Power | Tate Modern, London | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-10-07 | Roa | At The Gallery, Antwerp | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-10-07 | Rinus Van de Velde | Tim Van Laere Gallery, Antwerp | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-07-19 | Museo Nazionale del Cinema | Turijn | ⭐️ |
| 2017-05-20 | To The Bone (Roa, Klaas Van der Linden, a.o.) | Mariakerke | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-04-14 | Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen | Rotterdam | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-04-12 | Oli-B | Alley Art Gallery, Hasselt | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2017-04-11 | Expo "The World of Charles and Ray Eames" | C-Mine, Genk | ⭐️⭐️ |

## 2016

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2016-11-20 | Berardo Collection | Berardo Collection Museum, Lissabon | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2016-08-20 | Expo Salvador Dali | Liège-Guillemins Railway Station, Luik | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2016-08-20 | Millennium Iconoclast Museum of Art | MIMA, Brussel | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2016-05-06 | Jheronimus Bosch | Het Noordbrabants Museum, 's Hertogenbosch | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2015

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2015-12-05 | Ugly Belgian Houses | Watt, Gent | ⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-11-13 | Strook | Budafabriek, Kortrijk | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-11-04 | Bauhaus-Archiv | Bauhaus-Archiv, Berlijn | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-08-30 | Dismaland | Brighton | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-06-13 | Ryan McGinley | Kunsthal Kade, Amersfoort | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-04-19 | Parra | Kunsthal, Rotterdam | ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ |
| 2015-02-08 | Carll Cneut | St. Pietersabdij, Gent | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2013

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2013-07-03 | Paul Klee | Tate Modern, London | ⭐️⭐️⭐️ |

## 2009

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2009-07-03 | Banksy | Bristol Museum, Bristol | ⭐⭐⭐½ |

## 2003

| Date | Name | Location | Rating |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2003-09-17 | Young Primitives | Brugge | ⭐⭐⭐ |
